README.md, before:

# KHInsider-Album-Downloader
A python script which is passed the url for an album from https://downloads.khinsider.com/, which scrapes and downloads all tracks in .mp3 or .flac format.

Written using Python 3. Uses the path module, so is appropriate for Windows and Unix-based operating systems.

I hope this script saves you a lot of time. It is lightweight and simple compared to others, I mostly wrote it as an exercise in webscraping.
<h2>Prerequisites</h2>
This script uses <i>requests, beautifulsoup 4,</i> and <i>pathlib</i> third party modules.
If you don't have them, you must use 'pip install [requests / beautifulsoup4 / pathlib]' for the script to run.

You also need Python 3 to run the script. Both Python and pip can be installed from [here.](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
<h2>Usage</h2>
Run from commandline:

> py khi_scraper.py [url] [--mp3 / --flac]

E.g. to download the King's Field 4 OST in .mp3 format:

> py khi_scraper.py https://downloads.khinsider.com/game-soundtracks/album/king-s-field-iv-the-ancient-city-gamerip --mp3

Alternatively, if you wanted .flac files, substitute --mp3 with --flac.

<h2>Output</h2>
This will create a folder of the album name <b>in the current working directory,</b> and download each of the listed tracks with appropriate order and title names. MP3 files come with appropriate metadata, and tracks are named with a numbered prefix.

Commit message:

Updated readme to reflect the downloads folder change.

README.md, after:

# KHInsider-Album-Downloader
A python script which is passed the url for an album from https://downloads.khinsider.com/, which scrapes and downloads all tracks in .mp3 or .flac format.

Written using Python 3. Uses the path module, so is appropriate for Windows and Unix-based operating systems.

I hope this script saves you a lot of time. It is lightweight and simple compared to others, I mostly wrote it as an exercise in webscraping.
<h2>Prerequisites</h2>
This script uses <i>requests, beautifulsoup 4,</i> and <i>pathlib</i> third party modules.
If you don't have them, you must use 'pip install [requests / beautifulsoup4 / pathlib]' for the script to run.

You also need Python 3 to run the script. Both Python and pip can be installed from [here.](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
<h2>Usage</h2>
Run from commandline:

> py khi_scraper.py [url] [--mp3 / --flac]

E.g. to download the King's Field 4 OST in .mp3 format:

> py khi_scraper.py https://downloads.khinsider.com/game-soundtracks/album/king-s-field-iv-the-ancient-city-gamerip --mp3

Alternatively, if you wanted .flac files, substitute --mp3 with --flac.

<h2>Output</h2>
This will create a folder of the album name <b>in the Downloads folder,</b> or alternatively in the working directory if you don't have one. It will then download each of the listed tracks with appropriate order and title names. MP3 files come with appropriate metadata, and tracks are named with a numbered prefix.
